Form W-9 Request for Taxpayer Give form to the
(Flow. Movember 2006) Identification Number and Certification reds ter Oa

of the Treasury
Intomnal Rowers Sorvins

Name (a5 shown on your Income tax rebum)

Busines: Mame, If diferent from acve

cat reopen or: ) $l roi C1 corporation [] Parmersnp [] omer » 0 <=
hocASsiecem ne
ShareASale.com, Inc

Clty, stale, and ZIP code 15 W. Hubbard STE 200
Chicago, IL 60654
List account numibarts) here joptionall
Please enter your ShareASale UserlD Number here: >>>>
Part | Taxpayer Identification Nurnber (TIN)

Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on Line 1 to avoid = | Stall seccunity number
backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social secunty number (55N). However, for a resident

alien, sole propnetor, or disregarded entity, see the Part | instructions on page 3. For other entities, it is

your employer identification number (EIN). lf you do not have a number, see How fo get a TIN on page 3. or

Note. If the account is im more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for quidelines on whose
number to enter.

Print or type
See Specie instructions on page 2.

Under penalties of perury, | certify that:

1. The number shown on this form is my comect taxpayer identification number for | am wating for a number to be issued to mej, and

2. | amonot subject to backup withholding because: (a) | am exempt from backup withholding, or (b>) | have not been motihied by the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) that | am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest of dividends, or fc) the IRS has
notified me that | am no longer subject to backup withholding, and

3. lama U.S. person Gicluding 4 US. resident alien).

Certification instructions. You must cross out tem 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup

withholding because you have failed to report all interest amd dividends on your tax retum. For real estate transactions, tem 2 does not apply.

For mortgage interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retrement

arrangement (IFA), and generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the Gertification, but you must

provide your comect TIN. See the instructions on page 4.)

Here US. person Date

Purpose of Form # An individual who is a citizan of rasident of the United
A person who is required to file an information retum with tha States, |
IRS, must obtain your correct taxpayer identification number ® A partnership, corporation, company, or association

WON te rane for oervamnols inceame maid foo) real octats created or organized in the United States or under the laws.
